<!-- image -->

## Dear Fellow Shareholder,

Our performance in 2025 reflects solid execution against a very challenging market backdrop, and we continued to demonstrate the durability of our integrated portfolio and flexible capital allocation framework across market cycles.

Despite significant market headwinds, we executed against our strategy and delivered strong relative performance across all our businesses. Notably, we strengthened the quality and value of our timberlands portfolio, exceeded our

<!-- image -->

growth target in Climate Solutions, broke ground on a new manufacturing facility, raised our base dividend and captured significant value through operational excellence and innovation. Also, in December we announced a transformative, portfolio-wide strategy to catalyze growth, further strengthen our competitive position and maximize our cash generation capabilities — positioning Weyerhaeuser to deliver industry-leading shareholder returns.

| am grateful for the focus and hard work of our employees and extremely proud of what we were able to accomplish in such difficult market conditions. We have built an incredibly strong foundation at Weyerhaeuser, and | am excited to execute our growth strategy and create significant value for all our stakeholders in the years ahead.

## INVESTING IN GROWTH

We continued to enhance our unmatched portfolio of assets in 2025, including through a series of strategic and capital-efficient timberlands transactions. With our acquisitions in 2025, we achieved the multi-year target we set in 2021 to drive growth and value through disciplined investments in our timberlands portfolio. Since 2022, we have acquired over $1.2 billion of timberlands, all targeted to optimize the quality and value of our portfolio. Over a similar period, we offset a significant portion of our acquisitions with divestitures of non-core acreage, allowing us to enhance the return profile of our timberlands while balancing other levers across our capital allocation framework to drive long-term value for our shareholders. Our Timberlands business also continued to build out our export program and expand our customer base in India and Southeast Asia.

n our Wood Products business, we commenced construction of a state-of-the-art TimberStrand® facility in Arkansas. TimberStrand@® is a versatile, proprietary solid section beam product, with applications in residential, industrial and mass timber construction, and this new facility will double our production capacity and enable us to serve growing markets across a variety of end-use applications in the U.S. South. Set to come online in 2027, the facility will showcase Weyerhaeuser's innovation in wood products and is expected to generate more than $100 million of annual Adjusted EBITDA at full operating capacity, with additional upside from portfolio integration benefits.

In addition, we hosted an Investor Day in December to highlight our portfolio-wide strategy to drive growth and significant value creation over the next five years. We outlined detailed initiatives across the company to accelerate transformational growth and deliver an additional $1.5 billion in annual Adjusted EBITDA by 2030, measured against a 2024 baseline. These organic growth initiatives build from existing strengths and will position Weyerhaeuser to further improve our peer-leading performance and generate superior returns for our shareholders over time.

## SCALING CLIMATE SOLUTIONS

In our Climate Solutions business, we exceeded our goal of reaching $100 million of annual Adjusted EBITDA by the end of 2025, hitting $119 million for the year — a 42 percent increase over 2024. While much of our early growth continues to come from our more established businesses such as mitigation banking and conservation, we continue to build out a robust pipeline of other projects across our emerging carbon and renewable energy businesses. We now have five forest carbon projects registered and approved, with four more in development. We have three new solar projects under construction, along with an expanding portfolio of wind projects. Our carbon capture and sequestration (CCS) project with Oxy in Louisiana achieved important milestones toward reaching commercial operation, and in December we announced a partnership with Aymium to produce and sell sustainable biocarbon for use in metals production — a major step forward in growing the scale and impact of our Climate Solutions business. We are generating tangible results and peer-leading performance in this space, and we have set a new target to reach $250 million of annual Adjusted EBITDA in this business by 2030.

## DELIVERING SOLID RESULTS IN CHALLENGING MARKETS

Despite operating through a protracted housing market downturn and facing other economic headwinds during the year, our teams collectively delivered net earnings of $324 million and Adjusted EBITDA of $1 billion. Our Engineered Wood Products and Panels manufacturing businesses each delivered peer-leading Adjusted EBITDA margin in 2025, and our Western Timberlands business continued to hold the top position in Adjusted EBITDA and cash flow per acre. Additionally, we captured tens of millions of dollars in operational excellence (OpX) improvements last year and met our multi-year OpX target — a notable achievement given the inflationary and market-related headwinds we faced over the last several years. We are also further advancing our efforts to drive cost savings and other synergies across our integrated platform through our new Integration Excellence initiatives. These results reflect our deeply engrained culture of OpX and continuous improvement, which continues to help us improve our cost structure, strengthen our competitive position and minimize volatility through the business cycle.

## CREATING SIGNIFICANT VALUE FROM INNOVATION

Our ability to create immediate and long-term value from innovation continues to be a differentiator and significant competitive advantage for Weyerhaeuser. In addition to the operational innovations that continued across the company, we made meaningful progress advancing applications in several transformational technology areas, including piloting a semiautonomous skidder and using drones to support thinning and other forest management operations. Further, we significantly strengthened our focus and resources around artificial intelligence (Al), building out a team to develop and scale applications for Al across our operations. Our employees have truly embraced innovation as fundamental to our culture and operations, and we are well-positioned to capitalize on emerging technologies that will drive our company forward and build on our industry-leading position.

## DRIVING SAFETY IMPROVEMENTS

Safety is our way of life at Weyerhaeuser and fundamental to our culture and success. In 2025, we made significant progress on executing a multi-year improvement plan to strengthen our safety system, including revamped tools, training and resources in alignment with a 2024 external review. We leveraged the expertise of our companywide Safety Council, focused on improving hazard and risk recognition across our operations,

## "We are well-positioned to execute on our ambitious growth strategy and generate industry-leading returns for our shareholders."

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

updated Risk-Based Safety Plans at our sites, clarified and standardized key safety processes and added several new safety resources to support this work. We are focused on creating a truly world-class safety system at Weyerhaeuser that prevents all serious injuries and fatalities, and we are rolling out new training in 2026 to reinforce our system and expectations.

## BUILDING ON OUR SUSTAINABILITY LEADERSHIP

Sustainability has been core to our operations at Weyerhaeuser for more than a century, and in 2025 we conducted a midpoint assessment of the 10-year sustainability strategy we launched in 2020 to ensure ongoing alignment and the effectiveness of our programs. We have closely aligned our sustainability goals with our business strategy and daily operations, and we were proud to be the only company in our sector listed on the Dow Jones Bestin-Class North America Index in 2025. We also received special recognition from S&amp;P Global in 2025 for 25 years participating in their Corporate Sustainability Assessment — a testament to our long-standing commitment to transparency and continuous improvement with our sustainability performance. As we look ahead to the next phase of our strategy, we will continue to deepen the integration of sustainability across our operations and strengthen our position and influence as a trusted sustainability leader — ensuring the long-term stewardship and success of our land and our businesses, and supporting a vibrant future for our people and communities.

## AMPLIFYING OUR COMMUNITY IMPACT

Citizenship has always been deeply embedded in our culture, and in 2025 we advanced several programs to build on the positive impact we make as a company. This year, we celebrated our 125th anniversary through a series of events across our operating areas, and we announced the third community we are supporting through our THRIVE program, which involves a commitment to invest $5 million across five of our rural operating communities. We have already made meaningful progress in our first two THRIVE communities, including through a new partnership to support the development of attainable workforce housing in Raymond, Wash. Overall, we provided $5.9 million in charitable grants, in-kind donations, research support and sponsorships in our communities across North America in 2025, along with additional financial support through employee giving, disaster relief and our company matching gifts program. In total, our employees volunteered more than 24,000 hours of their time in our operating areas last year, and we will continue building on our commitment to ensure our rural communities remain thriving places to live and do business.

## DEVELOPING AND SUPPORTING OUR PEOPLE

We made important progress with our people development programs in 2025, including making key investments to enhance career resources, training and tools for our employees. We continued strengthening our technical training resources for key business and technical roles. We built out a new team in 2024 to accelerate this work, and in 2025 we began rolling out new, high-quality training programs across our businesses. These training programs are a competitive advantage for our company that will help us build continuity and ensure we maintain our industry-leading expertise over time. We continued to generate strong engagement in our companywide mentoring app, and overall we provided classroom leadership training to more than 300 leaders in 2025. We also made meaningful progress in our efforts to create a truly inclusive and supportive environment for our employees — with 86 percent of employees feeling their workplace is inclusive.

## DEMONSTRATING OUR DISCIPLINED APPROACH TO CAPITAL ALLOCATION

Despite significant market-related headwinds during the year, we continued to demonstrate our disciplined and nimble approach to capital allocation and reinforced how our cash return framework is both sustainable and appropriate for the cyclicality of our industry. Notably, we returned $766 million of cash to shareholders in 2025, including $606 million in quarterly base dividends and $160 million through share repurchase. In addition, we completed our previous $1 billion share repurchase program, made progress against our new $1 billion authority and increased our base dividend by 5 percent, our fourth consecutive annual increase. Importantly, we also continued to invest in our businesses by deploying $474 million for value-creating capital projects, including initial construction on our new TimberStrand® facility in Arkansas. These are notable achievements, particularly given the challenging market backdrop, and they reflect all the actions we have taken over the last several years to build a strong and durable foundation at Weyerhaeuser.

<!-- image -->

## LOOKING AHEAD

As we look ahead to 2026, we are well-positioned to execute on our ambitious growth strategy and generate industry-leading returns for our shareholders. We have built an incredibly strong foundation at our company, with talented people, an unmatched portfolio of assets, a healthy balance sheet and an enduring, resilient culture that underpins our long-standing success. Despite near-term market challenges, | remain optimistic about the long-term demand fundamentals supporting our businesses. As we look to capitalize on emerging opportunities, we will continue focusing on safety, driving innovation and ongoing OpX improvements, strengthening our sustainability leadership, serving our customers, and investing in our people and operating communities — further building on our legacy as a global leader in sustainable forestry, land management and wood products manufacturing.

Thank you for your ownership and support as we work together in advancing the world's premier timber, land and forest products company.

Devin W. Stockfish President &amp; Chief Executive Officer

<!-- image -->

This annual report contains statements concerning the company's future results and performance that are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, which statements are based on our current expectations and assumptions and are not guarantees of future events or performance. The realization of our expectations and the accuracy of our assumptions are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those described in these statements, and these risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those set forth in our 2025 Annual Report on Form 10-K, which forms a part of this annual report, as well as those set forth from time to time in our other public statements, reports and filings with the SEC. We undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether because of new information, future events or otherwise.

Also included in this annual report are certain non-GAAP financial measures, which management believes complement the financial information presented in accordance with U.S. GAAP and may be useful to investors by providing helpful context in understanding the company's performance. Our non-GAAP financial measures may not be comparable to similarly named or captioned non-GAAP financial measures of other companies. How we define these non-GAAP financial measures and, except for certain forward-looking non-GAAP measures, a reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures to their most directly comparable GAAP measures, are set forth in our 2025 Form 10-K, which forms part of this annual report. We reconcile Adjusted EBITDA for our Climate Solutions business to Operating Income, as that is the most directly comparable GAAP measure. Climate Solutions Adjusted EBITDA of $119 million for 2025 is derived by taking Operating Income of $102 million and adding back basis of real estate sold of $16 million and depreciation, depletion and amortization of $1 million.

We have not provided a reconciliation of forecasted Adjusted EBITDA related to our growth initiatives or the investment in our new TimberStrand® facility to the most comparable GAAP measure because Adjusted EBITDA excludes the impact of certain items, and management cannot estimate these items or the impact they will have on Adjusted EBITDA without unreasonable effort. As a result, investors may be unable to accurately compare the expected impact to our historical results or the results or expected results of other companies that may have treated such matters differently. Nonetheless, management believes that providing this forward-looking non-GAAP information is useful to investors, and given the uncertain nature of forward-looking statements, we believe investors are able to take into account the inherent limitations of this forward-looking non-GAAP information. We cannot reasonably predict the occurrence, timing or amount of any of the items that we exclude from our Adjusted EBITDA estimate. Accordingly, the actual effect of these items, when determined, could potentially be significant to the calculation of Adjusted EBITDA and actual results may differ materially from our estimate.